hey buddy I got some food in my hands
that the bird is enjoying ya know see if
I went to me stroke him all right while
I'm in stroke him but they laid out of
my hand okay yeah take a hand one out
there keep it flat
okay nearly touched it Wow yeah oh yeah
scat ire so I'm gonna get to watch angry
there it is the white kangaroo oh here
you go okay let's go to the black
kangaroo again see if we can feed it
Courtney Courtney stay behind me
ha oh it's okay yeah I know we can still
go over there slowly it's Courtney
Courtney Courtney stay behind me okay
behind me according you behind me Skippy
silkier remember us sucio now Boehner
it's not out be no can we do the same so
yeah look food food
put a bit more water that house that I
think it's yeah but I like the king very
better sukhiya getting very
thirsty and no i didn't thought it was
the goose stuart farted before though I
heard him look who hey Sookie I look who
would interested not interested in the
food fight let's go can you just hold it
and record and i'll tell you when to
stop if i can feed these birds
forget that you bother with the chaos
here you guys can have the rest of this
I got another bag take two dollars a
bangle thing at blue it's not interested